Kind: captions Language: en Tim Cook is one that pisses me off the Tim Cook is one that pisses me off the most. most. most. &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually, it's funny you say that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually, it's funny you say that. I think he pisses me off the most, too. I think he pisses me off the most, too. I think his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] memo to his I think his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] memo to his company, I'm upset about ICE, but I'm company, I'm upset about ICE, but I'm not going to actually do anything about not going to actually do anything about it. it. it. &gt;&gt; I said something in private to Melania &gt;&gt; I said something in private to Melania when I showed up to the ball at the when I showed up to the ball at the White House and the day after the night White House and the day after the night of the killing of Alex Prey. I'm talking of the killing of Alex Prey. I'm talking about somebody who's benefited so much about somebody who's benefited so much Hello and welcome to the Bullwork Hello and welcome to the Bullwork Podcast. I'm your host Tim Millard. Glad Podcast. I'm your host Tim Millard. Glad to welcome back to the show. Professor to welcome back to the show. Professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business, author, including his most Business, author, including his most recent notes on being a man. We're going recent notes on being a man. We're going to discuss manhood in a minute. He also to discuss manhood in a minute. He also hosts three podcasts. Feels like more. hosts three podcasts. Feels like more. Uh the Props G podcast, Raging Uh the Props G podcast, Raging Moderates, and Pivot. That's because it Moderates, and Pivot. That's because it is more. Don't you have another one? is more. Don't you have another one? Don't you have four? Anyway, it's Scott Don't you have four? Anyway, it's Scott Galloway. Galloway. Galloway. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I lose track. To resist is feudal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I lose track. To resist is feudal. I'm like AOL in the '9s. If you stick I'm like AOL in the '9s. If you stick your hand into a cereal box, you're your hand into a cereal box, you're going to pull me out. going to pull me out. &gt;&gt; That's [sighs] &gt;&gt; That's [sighs] That's kind of a yucky thought. Um well, That's kind of a yucky thought. Um well, uh I want to start by talking about uh uh I want to start by talking about uh the campaign you've been working on. You the campaign you've been working on. You emailed me the other day, you're working emailed me the other day, you're working on a this resisted unsubscribe campaign. on a this resisted unsubscribe campaign. People have been talking about it and um People have been talking about it and um and I and I and just in cander because and I and I and just in cander because we're all about cander here. I replied we're all about cander here. I replied and I was like, I'm not so sure about and I was like, I'm not so sure about this. So, let's just do it. Let's let's this. So, let's just do it. Let's let's hash it out. let you tell me what the hash it out. let you tell me what the case is for it and then we can hash it case is for it and then we can hash it out a little bit. out a little bit. &gt;&gt; Well, I think a lot of us feel &gt;&gt; Well, I think a lot of us feel frustrated and want to do something. frustrated and want to do something. Action absorbs anxiety and what I think Action absorbs anxiety and what I think I've wanted or the objective is to just I've wanted or the objective is to just signal send a signal to people that signal send a signal to people that there's a weapon hiding in plain sight there's a weapon hiding in plain sight and that is your economic power or and that is your economic power or specifically the most radical act of specifically the most radical act of activism in a capitalist society is not activism in a capitalist society is not participation. And if you just, for participation. And if you just, for example, unsubscribe from a paid version example, unsubscribe from a paid version of Chat GPT, because they're raising of Chat GPT, because they're raising money at 40 times revenues, you're money at 40 times revenues, you're literally denting that company's literally denting that company's valuation by $10,000 by just using the valuation by $10,000 by just using the free option. And if you look at 40% of free option. And if you look at 40% of the S&amp;P is 10 companies, and those 10 the S&amp;P is 10 companies, and those 10 companies are highly sensitive to their companies are highly sensitive to their growth or slow down in their growth or growth or slow down in their growth or their subscription revenues. And you their subscription revenues. And you look at when the president has walked look at when the president has walked back his plans to annex Greenland or back his plans to annex Greenland or tariffs, it's been with one tariffs, it's been with one uh inspiration, one catalyst, and that uh inspiration, one catalyst, and that is when the bond market or the stock is when the bond market or the stock market falls. And I think that the market falls. And I think that the people he listens to and the people he people he listens to and the people he keeps trotting out and whoring around, I keeps trotting out and whoring around, I think if they start seeing a downside think if they start seeing a downside economically to continue to provide economically to continue to provide infrastructure and support for ICE and infrastructure and support for ICE and this president, I think that is the kill this president, I think that is the kill shot. I think that's the string we can shot. I think that's the string we can pull on to have the most impact. I I pull on to have the most impact. I I think it's wonderful people protest. I think it's wonderful people protest. I hope everybody gets out and votes. But hope everybody gets out and votes. But the fastest, highest impact thing you the fastest, highest impact thing you can do today to send a real signal and can do today to send a real signal and have real real impact is to unsubscribe have real real impact is to unsubscribe from one or more streaming media from one or more streaming media platforms, ride hailing programs, platforms, ride hailing programs, um, uh, LLMs, AI, whatever it might be. um, uh, LLMs, AI, whatever it might be. I've listed them all at unsubscribe or I've listed them all at unsubscribe or resistantunscribe.com. resistantunscribe.com. resistantunscribe.com. And you're going to find you're spending And you're going to find you're spending more money than you need and that it's more money than you need and that it's really easy to unsubscribe. really easy to unsubscribe. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, here's the good part of &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, here's the good part of that. Any listeners that unsubscribe to that. Any listeners that unsubscribe to here, I just pulled it up. Amazon, here, I just pulled it up. Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Paramount, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Paramount, Meta, Uber, Netflix, OpenAI, X, uh, Meta, Uber, Netflix, OpenAI, X, uh, AT&amp;T, Comcast, you know, that's an extra AT&amp;T, Comcast, you know, that's an extra 10 bucks you could have to join Bull 10 bucks you could have to join Bull Work Plus. And so that's something to Work Plus. And so that's something to consider if you just want to keep consider if you just want to keep supporting, you know, you don't you supporting, you know, you don't you don't want to crash the economy. don't want to crash the economy. &gt;&gt; That's not a terrible idea. &gt;&gt; That's not a terrible idea. &gt;&gt; Not a terrible idea. We welcome all. But &gt;&gt; Not a terrible idea. We welcome all. But I I here's my question. Like it's just I I I here's my question. Like it's just I just is the scale of it enough and just is the scale of it enough and you've got, you know, not to glaze you, you've got, you know, not to glaze you, but you have reach. All right. people but you have reach. All right. people listen to Scott Galloway, but like even listen to Scott Galloway, but like even still like the scale to have an actual still like the scale to have an actual impact. impact. impact. &gt;&gt; I mean, doesn't it have to be like &gt;&gt; I mean, doesn't it have to be like pretty sign is is there a little bit of pretty sign is is there a little bit of this concern? This is like a nat on an this concern? This is like a nat on an elephant's ass kind of, you know, elephant's ass kind of, you know, &gt;&gt; right? And if there's enough nats, the &gt;&gt; right? And if there's enough nats, the elephant goes down. So, I'm getting elephant goes down. So, I'm getting about 60 to 80,000 uniques a day to the about 60 to 80,000 uniques a day to the site. I'm I'm all over AI. It it site. I'm I'm all over AI. It it estimates that I get four to 5% estimates that I get four to 5% conversion, meaning that that for every conversion, meaning that that for every hundred people that come to the site, hundred people that come to the site, four to five unsubscribe because these four to five unsubscribe because these people are intentional. They're not people are intentional. They're not being driven by any paid advertising. being driven by any paid advertising. They on average unsubscribe from two They on average unsubscribe from two platforms. They spend about an average platforms. They spend about an average of $200 per platform. So that's that's of $200 per platform. So that's that's approximately $2,500 or $2,500 approximately $2,500 or $2,500 subscribers unsubscribing across $400. subscribers unsubscribing across $400. That's $100,000 a day on subscription That's $100,000 a day on subscription platforms. These guys or excuse me, it's platforms. These guys or excuse me, it's it ends up being approximately a million it ends up being approximately a million dollar and unsubscribes revenue. Uh 10 dollar and unsubscribes revenue. Uh 10 times revenues. It's 10 million bucks a times revenues. It's 10 million bucks a day. I think I'm going to take a third day. I think I'm going to take a third of a billion dollars out of the market of a billion dollars out of the market cap of these companies, Tim. Now, does cap of these companies, Tim. Now, does that mean anything when they're trading that mean anything when they're trading at trillions of dollars? Not overnight, at trillions of dollars? Not overnight, but if slowly but surely other people, but if slowly but surely other people, as they're starting to do, start to as they're starting to do, start to build their own resistance movements build their own resistance movements over time, these individuals are going over time, these individuals are going to notice, I've already heard from 20% to notice, I've already heard from 20% of the CEOs. They already noticed what's of the CEOs. They already noticed what's going on. If we give them tangible going on. If we give them tangible reason to say, look, if if Sam Alman reason to say, look, if if Sam Alman reports 8% growth month-on-month in reports 8% growth month-on-month in subscriptions, not nine, he's not going subscriptions, not nine, he's not going to be able to close his $850 billion to be able to close his $850 billion round. Microsoft missed its earning round. Microsoft missed its earning estimates by one percentage point and estimates by one percentage point and stock was off 10%. So, the most famous stock was off 10%. So, the most famous kind of strike was the Montgomery bus kind of strike was the Montgomery bus strike. And we remember the cinematic strike. And we remember the cinematic what we think was kill shot of a very what we think was kill shot of a very brave woman refusing to give up her brave woman refusing to give up her seat. That's not what moved it here. It seat. That's not what moved it here. It was a sustained was a sustained uh drive collective effort by Dr. Martin uh drive collective effort by Dr. Martin Luther King to have thousands of car Luther King to have thousands of car pools over the course of a year and then pools over the course of a year and then finally they did the math and said we'd finally they did the math and said we'd losing $2 million a year the municipal losing $2 million a year the municipal bus system and they decided to bus system and they decided to desegregate the buses. So my point is desegregate the buses. So my point is every day a guy like Tim Miller I can do every day a guy like Tim Miller I can do the math for you. If you posted your the math for you. If you posted your unsubscribes, unsubscribes, unsubscribes, you would probably hit these guys you would probably hit these guys between $3 and $20 million in market between $3 and $20 million in market cap. And if enough Tim Millers decide to cap. And if enough Tim Millers decide to do that, these guys are going to notice. do that, these guys are going to notice. So, we picked these companies because So, we picked these companies because the CEOs are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or because they the CEOs are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or because they might have influence over Trump or what might have influence over Trump or what is, you know, what was the what's the is, you know, what was the what's the motivation here? I'm just I mean, some motivation here? I'm just I mean, some of them are obvious, right? Amazon, of them are obvious, right? Amazon, Apple, Google, but like what was your Apple, Google, but like what was your thinking? thinking? thinking? Well, all the above. One, they're the Well, all the above. One, they're the companies that drive the markets. 40% of companies that drive the markets. 40% of the S&amp;P is just 10 companies. Uh these the S&amp;P is just 10 companies. Uh these are the companies most vulnerable to are the companies most vulnerable to just a small slowdown in subscription just a small slowdown in subscription growth or cancellations. Two, they also growth or cancellations. Two, they also happen to be the the CEOs who seem to be happen to be the the CEOs who seem to be enabling this president and be willing enabling this president and be willing to be trotted out and show up with to be trotted out and show up with signed hard drives or show up at his signed hard drives or show up at his premiere or make excuses or send me text premiere or make excuses or send me text messages about how much they hate messages about how much they hate themselves, but don't say this out loud. themselves, but don't say this out loud. In addition, many of these companies are In addition, many of these companies are actually providing infrastructure for actually providing infrastructure for ICE. So this is this is one the people ICE. So this is this is one the people enabling him. Two, the strongest way to enabling him. Two, the strongest way to send a clear blue kind of blue light send a clear blue kind of blue light signal. And then the free gift with signal. And then the free gift with purchase here is if like me you go on to purchase here is if like me you go on to this site, you're going to find out I this site, you're going to find out I had four AT&amp;T subscriptions, three of had four AT&amp;T subscriptions, three of which were going to Blackberries and which were going to Blackberries and iPads that have been in landfills for 10 iPads that have been in landfills for 10 year 10 years. I found out when I year 10 years. I found out when I unsubscribed to Amazon Prime that I was unsubscribed to Amazon Prime that I was a member of Amazon One, their healthc a member of Amazon One, their healthc care service. They charge $199 care service. They charge $199 that I used once in 2020 to get a that I used once in 2020 to get a prescription of Pax of it. You're going prescription of Pax of it. You're going to find I found Tim that I have three to find I found Tim that I have three HBO Max subscriptions that I spend that HBO Max subscriptions that I spend that I take 370 Ubers a year. I can guarantee I take 370 Ubers a year. I can guarantee you that the free gift with purchase you that the free gift with purchase here is you're going to find you're save here is you're going to find you're save you're spending money where you don't you're spending money where you don't need to be and that this will save you need to be and that this will save you money, send a signal, and it's the money, send a signal, and it's the quickest way to send in my opinion to quickest way to send in my opinion to have the greatest amount of impact with have the greatest amount of impact with the least amount of disruption to your the least amount of disruption to your life. life. life. &gt;&gt; How are you getting around without the &gt;&gt; How are you getting around without the 370 Ubers? Where you 370 Ubers? Where you &gt;&gt; I'm taking the tube and the subway and &gt;&gt; I'm taking the tube and the subway and I'm doing Uber X. I'm doing Uber X. &gt;&gt; What's Uber X? &gt;&gt; What's Uber X? &gt;&gt; The cheaper version. &gt;&gt; The cheaper version. &gt;&gt; Oh god. You mean you're not doing the &gt;&gt; Oh god. You mean you're not doing the black cars anymore? You've cut the black black cars anymore? You've cut the black cars out of your life. The lift. Yeah, cars out of your life. The lift. Yeah, that's the easiest one. I could just that's the easiest one. I could just move to Lyft. That's easy. move to Lyft. That's easy. &gt;&gt; Some of these other I might get in some &gt;&gt; Some of these other I might get in some trouble on the home front on some of trouble on the home front on some of these. Uh Paramount. I might have to these. Uh Paramount. I might have to unsubscribe from Paramount. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the unsubscribe from Paramount. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the Ellison, but I think I think it's might Ellison, but I think I think it's might be the husband or child that's using be the husband or child that's using that. So, I don't know. I got to do some that. So, I don't know. I got to do some some recon. I I was paying felons, but I some recon. I I was paying felons, but I quit that earlier. The but uh for not quit that earlier. The but uh for not for protest reasons, but I think that for protest reasons, but I think that makes sense. Or you could just pay for makes sense. Or you could just pay for Claude. or should we not pay for claw Claude. or should we not pay for claw either? I guess that kind of gets to my either? I guess that kind of gets to my fundamental question. It's like is this fundamental question. It's like is this a strike of the specific companies or is a strike of the specific companies or is this a general strike or you know like this a general strike or you know like how do you focus it towards su to six how do you focus it towards su to six success? I was I was on your Reddit page success? I was I was on your Reddit page actually just kind of looking for ideas actually just kind of looking for ideas and one person was like said this. Why and one person was like said this. Why am I canceling Spotify again? What did am I canceling Spotify again? What did they do? Why Uber? Are they offering they do? Why Uber? Are they offering free rides to ice agents? Should I stop free rides to ice agents? Should I stop shopping at Macy's too? Are we just shopping at Macy's too? Are we just picking random companies for no reason? picking random companies for no reason? Like how do we how do we dial in? Like how do we how do we dial in? &gt;&gt; I segment it into two categories. is &gt;&gt; I segment it into two categories. is what I call ground zero and these are what I call ground zero and these are the companies that are highly sensitive the companies that are highly sensitive to unsubscribes to unsubscribes and that with a small amount of economic and that with a small amount of economic movement here at the tail of the whip movement here at the tail of the whip they'll send a strong signal to the they'll send a strong signal to the markets and I believe ultimately the markets and I believe ultimately the president in addition those companies a president in addition those companies a lot of them are the ones sitting around lot of them are the ones sitting around the table of the white house who I think the table of the white house who I think are enabling the president and sending a are enabling the president and sending a false signal that America and the false signal that America and the markets and our premier business leaders markets and our premier business leaders are on board with the president's are on board with the president's programs what I call the blast zone are programs what I call the blast zone are companies that are directly working with companies that are directly working with ICE whether it's house like Hilton or ICE whether it's house like Hilton or provide infrastructure provide infrastructure um AT&amp;T but also to I recognize that a um AT&amp;T but also to I recognize that a guy with some economic security living guy with some economic security living in London. I don't want to be the in London. I don't want to be the arbiter of where you spend money or arbiter of where you spend money or don't. I'm trying to give you the option don't. I'm trying to give you the option to unsubscribe and recognize it's not to unsubscribe and recognize it's not that hard. Huge ROI here if you're that hard. Huge ROI here if you're trying to send a message but you might trying to send a message but you might decide that you're going to go from six decide that you're going to go from six streaming media platforms to two. You streaming media platforms to two. You might say, "Okay, I'm I'm going to might say, "Okay, I'm I'm going to cancel the Chat GBT subscription, but cancel the Chat GBT subscription, but I'm going to keep Clo. I may resubscribe I'm going to keep Clo. I may resubscribe to Amazon Prime in March." And I want to to Amazon Prime in March." And I want to be clear. I'm not giving up my iPhone. be clear. I'm not giving up my iPhone. I, you know, I'm just not. But I I, you know, I'm just not. But I &gt;&gt; like to because I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I Tim Cook &gt;&gt; like to because I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I Tim Cook is one that pisses me off the most. is one that pisses me off the most. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Actually, it's funny you say that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Actually, it's funny you say that. I think he pisses me off the most, too. I think he pisses me off the most, too. I think there are few people who have I think there are few people who have benefited more from our embrace of civil benefited more from our embrace of civil rights, our embrace of competitive rights, our embrace of competitive markets. markets. markets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it seems to me he has totally &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it seems to me he has totally turned. And then this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] memo to turned. And then this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] memo to his company. I'm upset about ICE, but his company. I'm upset about ICE, but I'm not going to actually do anything I'm not going to actually do anything about it. about it. &gt;&gt; He said something in private to Melania &gt;&gt; He said something in private to Melania when I showed up to the ball at the when I showed up to the ball at the White House White House the day after the night of the killing the day after the night of the killing of Alex Prey. I don't I'm talking about of Alex Prey. I don't I'm talking about somebody who's benefited so much from somebody who's benefited so much from like the American system. It's it's like the American system. It's it's spitting in our face on a lot of levels. spitting in our face on a lot of levels. &gt;&gt; I'm with you. I'm looking at the Apple &gt;&gt; I'm with you. I'm looking at the Apple one now. We might have to subscribe to one now. We might have to subscribe to the other stuff. I'd like to throw my the other stuff. I'd like to throw my iPhone in the trash can, but then I'd iPhone in the trash can, but then I'd get the green dot. get the green dot. &gt;&gt; But an easier one is is unsubscribing &gt;&gt; But an easier one is is unsubscribing from Apple Apple Music. from Apple Apple Music. &gt;&gt; Do you really watch Ted Lasso? Well, &gt;&gt; Do you really watch Ted Lasso? Well, okay. Apple TV Plus. I don't want to be okay. Apple TV Plus. I don't want to be the arbiter of what people should do. I the arbiter of what people should do. I want to provide them with the insight want to provide them with the insight and make it easy for them to unsubscribe and make it easy for them to unsubscribe where they feel like they have the least where they feel like they have the least friction. They may even decide it's a friction. They may even decide it's a value ad. opting out of $260 a monthly value ad. opting out of $260 a monthly recurring payments I was paying for the recurring payments I was paying for the last six years to AT&amp;T. That's that's a last six years to AT&amp;T. That's that's a value ad. So, but yeah, should you value ad. So, but yeah, should you subscribe from all streaming platforms? subscribe from all streaming platforms? Should you unsubscribe from ChatGpt or Should you unsubscribe from ChatGpt or Anthropic? That's your call. I'm just Anthropic? That's your call. I'm just trying to educate people about the power trying to educate people about the power they have for economic spend or where they have for economic spend or where not to spend and how easy it is to not to spend and how easy it is to unsubscribe and how much money you'll unsubscribe and how much money you'll save. save. save. &gt;&gt; You're not calling for the Benedict &gt;&gt; You're not calling for the Benedict option. uh you're compelling to me option. uh you're compelling to me because just as a former Republican and because just as a former Republican and a capitalist, I do I just part of this a capitalist, I do I just part of this is I just get queasy about these sorts is I just get queasy about these sorts of things. You know, there have been a of things. You know, there have been a lot of eye roll boycotts in in modern lot of eye roll boycotts in in modern times. I think the only thing I've ever times. I think the only thing I've ever actually boycotted was the Hate Chicken actually boycotted was the Hate Chicken during the height of the gay marriage during the height of the gay marriage stuff. I didn't do Chick-fil-A, but even stuff. I didn't do Chick-fil-A, but even then I kind of felt bad about myself for then I kind of felt bad about myself for for boycotting them. Um, but you as an for boycotting them. Um, but you as an avalid almost unap unapologetic avalid almost unap unapologetic capitalist, capitalist, capitalist, you know, you're a compelling messenger, you know, you're a compelling messenger, I guess. I guess. &gt;&gt; Well, look, um, let's be clear, most &gt;&gt; Well, look, um, let's be clear, most economic protests don't work. Uh, one economic protests don't work. Uh, one day economic protests are an annoyance, day economic protests are an annoyance, but they don't do anything. And unless but they don't do anything. And unless they're sustained and they build, but they're sustained and they build, but what I'm hoping h I'm going to be clear, what I'm hoping h I'm going to be clear, I don't think the president is going to I don't think the president is going to reverse policies based on resist and reverse policies based on resist and unsubscribe. what I think could happen unsubscribe. what I think could happen and we I can show I can show the and we I can show I can show the analytics. I know people in these analytics. I know people in these companies are talking about it and it's companies are talking about it and it's one more point of light that says to one more point of light that says to these guys there is an economic downside these guys there is an economic downside to my continued support of ICE and and to my continued support of ICE and and maybe at some point it is worthwhile for maybe at some point it is worthwhile for me economically to resist and it's not me economically to resist and it's not it's going to take more than my it's going to take more than my movement. It's going to take more than movement. It's going to take more than protests but it is all additive and it protests but it is all additive and it is all cumulative. We need to send a is all cumulative. We need to send a signal to these CEOs. There is a signal to these CEOs. There is a downside to keeping quiet and also downside to keeping quiet and also supporting explicitly or implicitly or supporting explicitly or implicitly or symbolically. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you symbolically. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing showing up for the Melania doing showing up for the Melania premiere? Literally, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are premiere? Literally, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing? What are you doing paying $45 you doing? What are you doing paying $45 million for a documentary that is a million for a documentary that is a shitty piece of film that you know is shitty piece of film that you know is going to make no money? Oh, it's coin going to make no money? Oh, it's coin operated autocracy. Kleptocracy. Well, operated autocracy. Kleptocracy. Well, guess what? If in the 70s, 80s, and 90s guess what? If in the 70s, 80s, and 90s we had let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go on, Apple we had let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go on, Apple wouldn't have never made it out of the wouldn't have never made it out of the crib, Amazon would have been put to crib, Amazon would have been put to sleep by Sears and J. C. Penies who sleep by Sears and J. C. Penies who controlled the government. You have some controlled the government. You have some obligation to look at the American obligation to look at the American values that made you a billionaire and values that made you a billionaire and built these great companies. So, what am built these great companies. So, what am I hoping to do? People don't realize I hoping to do? People don't realize they've got a weapon hiding in plain they've got a weapon hiding in plain sight. And every pimple on the elephant, sight. And every pimple on the elephant, every knat on the elephant's ass every knat on the elephant's ass matters. Chelsea Handler put out an matters. Chelsea Handler put out an Instagram reel today. It's gotten a Instagram reel today. It's gotten a couple hundred thousand likes. It's couple hundred thousand likes. It's sent, I think about 2500 new people to sent, I think about 2500 new people to my Unix, to my site today. I think she my Unix, to my site today. I think she alone today is going to take 1 to3 alone today is going to take 1 to3 million out of the hide of the market million out of the hide of the market cap of big tech. If enough people do cap of big tech. If enough people do that, at some point it will be a data that, at some point it will be a data point when they're evaluating, should I point when they're evaluating, should I provide infrastructure for ICE. provide infrastructure for ICE. &gt;&gt; All right, you got me. I'm goodbye Apple &gt;&gt; All right, you got me. I'm goodbye Apple TV Plus. I'm not buying Ted Lasso. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] TV Plus. I'm not buying Ted Lasso. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not watching Ted Lasso. You're I'm not watching Ted Lasso. You're [laughter] done. Goodbye, Apple TV Plus. [laughter] done. Goodbye, Apple TV Plus. You're done. You're done. &gt;&gt; I'm still I still have, you know, my &gt;&gt; I'm still I still have, you know, my congenital skepticism to this remains, congenital skepticism to this remains, but I'm with you. I hate Tim Cook more but I'm with you. I hate Tim Cook more than I hate any of this other stuff at than I hate any of this other stuff at this point, frankly. So, goodbye Apple this point, frankly. So, goodbye Apple TV Plus. It's the least I can do. I'll TV Plus. It's the least I can do. I'll tweet. tweet. tweet. &gt;&gt; I appreciate that, Tim. &gt;&gt; I appreciate that, Tim. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about the um economy more &gt;&gt; Let's talk about the um economy more broadly because I think that's, you broadly because I think that's, you know, this is again just one, you know, know, this is again just one, you know, small element of that, but there are small element of that, but there are other factors that are causing other factors that are causing potentially economic concerns. Um, we potentially economic concerns. Um, we had this jobs report uh earlier in the had this jobs report uh earlier in the week that, you know, they were crowing week that, you know, they were crowing about cuz there was like 100,000 about cuz there was like 100,000 something new jobs, which would have something new jobs, which would have been a tiny jobs report during the Biden been a tiny jobs report during the Biden years. But if you, the guys that like years. But if you, the guys that like looked at it closer, Kevin Malone wrote looked at it closer, Kevin Malone wrote this, if you exclude healthc care jobs, this, if you exclude healthc care jobs, the US labor market's been declining for the US labor market's been declining for 24 months, um, everything is not fine. 24 months, um, everything is not fine. Uh, and I I I I just wonder what your Uh, and I I I I just wonder what your take is on how precarious the situation take is on how precarious the situation is on the economy because I'm a little is on the economy because I'm a little bit of two minds about it. I think bit of two minds about it. I think there's some nuance here. So to be fair, there's some nuance here. So to be fair, I don't think the I think the economy is I don't think the I think the economy is stronger than people who are stronger than people who are catastrophizing about the tariffs, catastrophizing about the tariffs, including myself, including myself including myself, including myself thought the now as it relates to the thought the now as it relates to the labor market, we added I think about 150 labor market, we added I think about 150 or 160,000 jobs, which was more than the or 160,000 jobs, which was more than the 60,000 they were projecting. Having said 60,000 they were projecting. Having said that, the average monthly job ad during that, the average monthly job ad during the Biden administration was 330,000 the Biden administration was 330,000 jobs. And also buried in that data was a jobs. And also buried in that data was a revision that is we didn't add any jobs revision that is we didn't add any jobs in 2025. And then if you go one layer in 2025. And then if you go one layer further and granted I'm looking I have a further and granted I'm looking I have a bias against the president so I'm bias against the president so I'm looking for you know the negatives here looking for you know the negatives here but there is a negative component to but there is a negative component to this job addition and that is as you this job addition and that is as you referenced the majority of them come referenced the majority of them come from healthcare and that is we are aging from healthcare and that is we are aging as a society and there's some economic as a society and there's some economic growth there's some innovation but that growth there's some innovation but that isn't what sustains an economy is the isn't what sustains an economy is the money being spent on old people who are money being spent on old people who are less productive in some if you look at less productive in some if you look at the the Trump presidency from a job the the Trump presidency from a job standpoint It's been very weak. It's standpoint It's been very weak. It's taken a substantial taken a substantial tick down. The underlying economy is tick down. The underlying economy is stronger I think than people thought. stronger I think than people thought. GDP growth is strong. Unemployment is is GDP growth is strong. Unemployment is is you know not good, not great. So I would you know not good, not great. So I would say it kind of depends how you look at say it kind of depends how you look at it. But the thing that if you look at um it. But the thing that if you look at um some other things, there's a thing some other things, there's a thing called the quit rate and that is how called the quit rate and that is how many people are looking for another job. many people are looking for another job. That is really low because people are That is really low because people are worried they don't see other worried they don't see other opportunities. And in addition, income opportunities. And in addition, income inequality continues to march on. The inequality continues to march on. The genie coefficient zero means everyone genie coefficient zero means everyone has the exact same amount. 100 means one has the exact same amount. 100 means one person owns everything. The French person owns everything. The French Revolution in Marian Twinet was when Revolution in Marian Twinet was when they were at 82. they were at 82. We hit 83 this quarter. So I I don't We hit 83 this quarter. So I I don't care what it is. care what it is. We're in the midst of some sort of We're in the midst of some sort of things have just gotten out of control. things have just gotten out of control. Young people don't feel they feel like Young people don't feel they feel like the game is rigged. They feel like if the game is rigged. They feel like if they play by the rules, they end up with they play by the rules, they end up with a lot of student debt. in a in a a lot of student debt. in a in a situation where they can't afford a situation where they can't afford a house. So, I think there's I think the house. So, I think there's I think the economy is really wobbly right now. And economy is really wobbly right now. And then my favorite indicator, and this is then my favorite indicator, and this is where I'll wrap up my word salad, is I where I'll wrap up my word salad, is I track Super Bowl ads, and this was the track Super Bowl ads, and this was the AI Super Bowl. A quarter of the ads were AI Super Bowl. A quarter of the ads were AI. The last time tech dominated the AI. The last time tech dominated the commercials was in 2022. It was FTX and commercials was in 2022. It was FTX and Binance. In 2022, if you remember, Binance. In 2022, if you remember, that's when crypto crashed and all those that's when crypto crashed and all those companies went out of business. to go companies went out of business. to go back to the last time tech controlled a back to the last time tech controlled a quarter of the ads was in 2000 when it quarter of the ads was in 2000 when it was Pets.com and Amazon. And we know was Pets.com and Amazon. And we know what happened in 2000. In some I think what happened in 2000. In some I think we're on the verge of what is a pretty we're on the verge of what is a pretty large correction around our AI stocks. large correction around our AI stocks. And if the AI companies sneeze, the And if the AI companies sneeze, the whole global economy is catching whole global economy is catching pneumonia. So, I think we're going to be pneumonia. So, I think we're going to be I think we're in for a rough road in 26. I think we're in for a rough road in 26. &gt;&gt; All right, guys. guys. Well, Scott &gt;&gt; All right, guys. guys. Well, Scott Galloway might be a little bit of an AI Galloway might be a little bit of an AI optimist, but uh after listening to that optimist, but uh after listening to that run of topics, uh there's a lot of stuff run of topics, uh there's a lot of stuff out there in the news that could make out there in the news that could make you feel a little uncertain, could make you feel a little uncertain, could make you feel a little rocky about the way you feel a little rocky about the way things are going. Uh one way to bring things are going. Uh one way to bring some certainty to your life is with our some certainty to your life is with our friends from Select Quote. For over 40 friends from Select Quote. For over 40 years, Select Quote has been one of the years, Select Quote has been one of the most trusted brokers in insurance, most trusted brokers in insurance, helping more than 2 million Americans helping more than 2 million Americans secure over 700 billion dollars in secure over 700 billion dollars in coverage. Their mission is simple, to coverage. Their mission is simple, to find you the right insurance policy for find you the right insurance policy for your unique needs. They shop, you save. your unique needs. They shop, you save. Unlike other one-sizefits-all life Unlike other one-sizefits-all life insurance companies, Select Quotes insurance companies, Select Quotes licensed agents work for you in as licensed agents work for you in as little as 15 minutes. They'll compare little as 15 minutes. They'll compare policies from top rated carriers to find policies from top rated carriers to find you the best fit for your health and you the best fit for your health and your budget. And they work for you for your budget. And they work for you for free. No medical exam? No problem. They free. No medical exam? No problem. They partner with providers offering same day partner with providers offering same day coverage up to $2 million without coverage up to $2 million without needing to visit your doctor. If you needing to visit your doctor. If you have high blood pressure, diabetes, or have high blood pressure, diabetes, or heart disease, Select Quote has partners heart disease, Select Quote has partners with policies designed for many with policies designed for many pre-existing health conditions so you pre-existing health conditions so you get the protection you deserve. get the protection you deserve. Go get the right life insurance for you Go get the right life insurance for you for less and save more than 50% at for less and save more than 50% at selectquote.com/bullwork. selectquote.com/bullwork. selectquote.com/bullwork. Save more than 50% on term life Save more than 50% on term life insurance at selectquote.com/bullwork insurance at selectquote.com/bullwork today to get started. That's today to get started. That's selectquote.com/bullwork. I want to come back to AI in a second, I want to come back to AI in a second, but just I want to touch on two other but just I want to touch on two other economic things. First, you mentioned economic things. First, you mentioned that genie coefficient and I this is, that genie coefficient and I this is, you know, we all intuitively understand you know, we all intuitively understand that income inequality is growing and that income inequality is growing and and that and it's a problem and that, and that and it's a problem and that, you know, we're in a populous moment, you know, we're in a populous moment, but every once in a while somebody you but every once in a while somebody you say somebody gives you a stat that say somebody gives you a stat that really sticks with you. And for me it really sticks with you. And for me it was I was I was interviewing Marty Baron was I was I was interviewing Marty Baron last week and I you know I knew that last week and I you know I knew that Jeff Bezos had had earned a lot more Jeff Bezos had had earned a lot more money recently but he pointed out that money recently but he pointed out that he was worth 23 billion when he bought he was worth 23 billion when he bought the post in 2013 or 14 whatever that the post in 2013 or 14 whatever that was. So 10 years later right now I just was. So 10 years later right now I just Googled he's worth 240 billion. Googled he's worth 240 billion. Like that that is enough to between you Like that that is enough to between you know you get turning me into an economic know you get turning me into an economic boycott and that stat like I'm I'm about boycott and that stat like I'm I'm about to go full Bernie over here. All right. to go full Bernie over here. All right. and I worked for Jeb Bush. [laughter] and I worked for Jeb Bush. [laughter] It's like that's ins that's an insane It's like that's ins that's an insane obviously built a great company, you obviously built a great company, you know, deserves to earn profits off of know, deserves to earn profits off of Amazon. Um it's product it's product Amazon. Um it's product it's product people use but like that to to to think people use but like that to to to think that you know he was at 23 billion then that you know he was at 23 billion then he's at 240 now without really anything he's at 240 now without really anything put back into the society or the put back into the society or the community that people feel good about. community that people feel good about. Um that is a pitchfork type anecdote for Um that is a pitchfork type anecdote for me. me. me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think if you were to distill it &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think if you were to distill it down, I think it's good to have down, I think it's good to have billionaires, but I'm not sure we need billionaires, but I'm not sure we need trillionaires. trillionaires. trillionaires. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if you think about on a very basic &gt;&gt; And if you think about on a very basic level, level, level, George Washington and George Bush, $7 George Washington and George Bush, $7 trillion in deficit spending, which trillion in deficit spending, which juices the market since George Bush, juices the market since George Bush, another $31 trillion. And that's gone another $31 trillion. And that's gone into the hands of people who own assets, into the hands of people who own assets, specifically the people who own equity specifically the people who own equity in very successful companies or own real in very successful companies or own real estate. So if you're a super owner, the estate. So if you're a super owner, the last 20 years have been champagne and last 20 years have been champagne and cocaine. But if you're an earner, that cocaine. But if you're an earner, that is you have to you make a good living, is you have to you make a good living, but you spend most of it or you just but you spend most of it or you just have debt or you're trying to acquire have debt or you're trying to acquire assets or save enough money to acquire assets or save enough money to acquire assets, all you're really inheriting is assets, all you're really inheriting is $30 trillion. I mean, you're much $30 trillion. I mean, you're much younger than me, but the average person younger than me, but the average person my age is 72% wealthier than they were my age is 72% wealthier than they were 40 years ago. The average 25-year-old is 40 years ago. The average 25-year-old is 24% less wealthy. So this deficit 24% less wealthy. So this deficit spending just juices the wealth of spending just juices the wealth of people who already own assets and young people who already own assets and young people. I'm in the club parting with people. I'm in the club parting with Rails Academy and Champagne and the Rails Academy and Champagne and the closest young people get is they get to closest young people get is they get to throw their credit card in where I run throw their credit card in where I run it one more time. it one more time. &gt;&gt; So we have been economic &gt;&gt; So we have been economic &gt;&gt; they don't even keep an open tab &gt;&gt; they don't even keep an open tab anymore. You know Jenz doesn't keep the anymore. You know Jenz doesn't keep the tab open. They they close it every time. tab open. They they close it every time. That's what's that's that's how bad the That's what's that's that's how bad the economy is. But at a very basic level, economy is. But at a very basic level, the greatest transfer in wealth in the greatest transfer in wealth in history has probably been the transfer history has probably been the transfer of wealth from people under the age of of wealth from people under the age of 40 to people over the age of 60 the last 40 to people over the age of 60 the last 30 years. And the D in democracy is 30 years. And the D in democracy is working too well. And that is old people working too well. And that is old people have figured out a way to vote have figured out a way to vote themselves more money. And the way they themselves more money. And the way they do that is by inflating asset prices. do that is by inflating asset prices. Specifically, they sequester housing Specifically, they sequester housing supply and college degrees and create supply and college degrees and create all sorts of tax goodies for large all sorts of tax goodies for large publicly traded companies as a publicly traded companies as a percentage of GDP. Corporate tax rates percentage of GDP. Corporate tax rates haven't been this slow since 1929. As a haven't been this slow since 1929. As a percentage of the GDP, corporate profits percentage of the GDP, corporate profits have never been higher. Meanwhile, as a have never been higher. Meanwhile, as a percentage of GDP, labor is at like a 40 percentage of GDP, labor is at like a 40 or 50 year low. So, it's just sort of do or 50 year low. So, it's just sort of do the math. The tax code has gone from 400 the math. The tax code has gone from 400 pages to 4,000. And those 3,600 pages to 4,000. And those 3,600 incremental pages are quite frankly incremental pages are quite frankly there to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the middle class. And I'll there to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the middle class. And I'll use myself as an example. I start and use myself as an example. I start and sell companies. The last two companies sell companies. The last two companies I've started and sold, the first 10 I've started and sold, the first 10 million out of the company were taxfree million out of the company were taxfree to me. That doesn't make any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me. That doesn't make any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense. But someone from the Small sense. But someone from the Small Business Administration has figured out Business Administration has figured out a way to convince everybody that these a way to convince everybody that these are the most talented people, productive are the most talented people, productive people, and if you don't give them tax people, and if you don't give them tax incentives, they won't take risks. Tim, incentives, they won't take risks. Tim, I have never known the tax rate when I have never known the tax rate when I've started a company. That is not why I've started a company. That is not why entrepreneurs start companies. Oh, 1202 entrepreneurs start companies. Oh, 1202 tax exemption after five years of a tax exemption after five years of a company of asset value less than 50 company of asset value less than 50 million. No entrepreneur knows that million. No entrepreneur knows that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The $120 billion cost of living [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The $120 billion cost of living adjustment for Social Security flies adjustment for Social Security flies right through. The $40 billion tax right through. The $40 billion tax credit, child tax credit that would help credit, child tax credit that would help young working families get stripped out young working families get stripped out of the stripped out of the of the stripped out of the infrastructure bill because I someday infrastructure bill because I someday hope someone loves me as much as private hope someone loves me as much as private equity loves Christian Cinema and vice equity loves Christian Cinema and vice versa. We have a Washington that is the versa. We have a Washington that is the land the cross between the land of the land the cross between the land of the dead and the Golden Girls who dead and the Golden Girls who [clears throat] continue to vote more [clears throat] continue to vote more and more money to corporations and to and more money to corporations and to old people. old people. &gt;&gt; We're the pitchfork capitalists on this &gt;&gt; We're the pitchfork capitalists on this podcast. I'm we're doing it. We're going podcast. I'm we're doing it. We're going red. Here's another anecdote I read red. Here's another anecdote I read today. James Vanderbeek. You ever watch today. James Vanderbeek. You ever watch uh you know Mercy Blues? Of course. uh you know Mercy Blues? Of course. Dawson's Creek. Dawson's Creek. &gt;&gt; Rules of Attraction. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Rules of Attraction. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Rules attraction. Amazing movie. I &gt;&gt; Yeah. Rules attraction. Amazing movie. I love attraction. love attraction. &gt;&gt; Uh sadly he died yesterday at a battle &gt;&gt; Uh sadly he died yesterday at a battle with cancer. It's a two-year battle with with cancer. It's a two-year battle with cancer. This thing just stopped me cancer. This thing just stopped me short. Somebody retweeted it and it was short. Somebody retweeted it and it was his wife. They they had a bunch of kids. his wife. They they had a bunch of kids. His wife posted a go what's it called? His wife posted a go what's it called? Goofundme. Goofundme. Goofundme. like she was like, "We don't have we're like she was like, "We don't have we're not gonna have enough money because the not gonna have enough money because the two years of cancer treatment has has two years of cancer treatment has has bankrupted us." Now, I don't know bankrupted us." Now, I don't know exactly how, you know, James Vanderbeek exactly how, you know, James Vanderbeek spent his Dawson's Creek money, but it spent his Dawson's Creek money, but it it is pretty radicalizing to think that it is pretty radicalizing to think that we live in a country that that a legit we live in a country that that a legit bonafide movie star could be made bonafide movie star could be made bankrupt by two years of medical bills. bankrupt by two years of medical bills. &gt;&gt; But even if you did spend that money on &gt;&gt; But even if you did spend that money on ivormectin and ketamine, like the ivormectin and ketamine, like the medical debt issue is very, very real. medical debt issue is very, very real. This has such profound implications m This has such profound implications m macro and micro. On the macro level, I'm macro and micro. On the macro level, I'm very into economic policy and I'm very into economic policy and I'm writing a book about it. And if you want writing a book about it. And if you want to take our $7 trillion in spending to take our $7 trillion in spending versus our 5 trillion in receipts, all versus our 5 trillion in receipts, all roads lead to the same place and that is roads lead to the same place and that is healthcare. We spend $13,000 per capita. healthcare. We spend $13,000 per capita. The rest of the G7 spend $6,500 in The rest of the G7 spend $6,500 in exchange for spending twice as much as exchange for spending twice as much as everybody else. we're more obese, more everybody else. we're more obese, more anxious, and die sooner and have high anxious, and die sooner and have high higher infant mortality because we have higher infant mortality because we have monetized uh the health care of America. monetized uh the health care of America. We've decided it's not a public good We've decided it's not a public good that it's an opportunity for innovation that it's an opportunity for innovation and to build shareholder value. 45 cents and to build shareholder value. 45 cents on the dollar for insurance companies on the dollar for insurance companies goes to profits and administration. We goes to profits and administration. We need national singlepayer socialized need national singlepayer socialized medicine. Full stop. It is time. 40% of medicine. Full stop. It is time. 40% of Americans, 40% of American households Americans, 40% of American households have medical or dental debt. You're a have medical or dental debt. You're a dad working your ass off. your dad working your ass off. your 16-year-old daughter is in screaming 16-year-old daughter is in screaming tooth pain. You got to get her a root tooth pain. You got to get her a root canal and then you have debt. Can you canal and then you have debt. Can you imagine how shameful that makes you imagine how shameful that makes you feel? And on a personal level, the kind feel? And on a personal level, the kind of the moment in my life where and in of the moment in my life where and in some ways it motivated me. I was in some ways it motivated me. I was in graduate school. I was at Berkeley. I graduate school. I was at Berkeley. I had no money. My mom had no money. My had no money. My mom had no money. My mom got very sick. Second diagnosis of mom got very sick. Second diagnosis of breast cancer. She went into the breast cancer. She went into the hospital. We were hugely underinsured. hospital. We were hugely underinsured. She got discharged early because She got discharged early because hospital systems want to kick people out hospital systems want to kick people out as quickly as possible. And she called as quickly as possible. And she called me and said, "You need to come home me and said, "You need to come home right now." So I jammed Oakland airport, right now." So I jammed Oakland airport, flew home, and I walked into a flew home, and I walked into a situation, Tim, I just did not know how situation, Tim, I just did not know how to deal with. I just It was such an ugly to deal with. I just It was such an ugly situation, and there's just certain situation, and there's just certain things the son can't do for his mother. things the son can't do for his mother. And I thought, "Okay, I'll call I called And I thought, "Okay, I'll call I called the hospital and they said, "We can't the hospital and they said, "We can't take her. You need to call an ambulance, take her. You need to call an ambulance, but if you call an ambulance, they're but if you call an ambulance, they're taking her to county." And I called a taking her to county." And I called a friend and said, 'You do not want your friend and said, 'You do not want your mom at county hospital. So I said, I'll mom at county hospital. So I said, I'll call a nurse. Called a nursing agency, call a nurse. Called a nursing agency, $35 an hour. I had $700 to my name. So I $35 an hour. I had $700 to my name. So I literally had 20 hours of nursing care literally had 20 hours of nursing care to take care of the woman who raised me to take care of the woman who raised me and cared for me. I felt it was so much and cared for me. I felt it was so much just so much shame. just so much shame. And when I think about like the And when I think about like the wealthiest country in the world that has wealthiest country in the world that has added literally the GDP of Germany and added literally the GDP of Germany and Spain in the last 7 years and we are Spain in the last 7 years and we are inflicting that kind of shame on people inflicting that kind of shame on people there there's literally no excuse for there there's literally no excuse for it. So for me and again this goes back it. So for me and again this goes back to Democrats who just want to throw to Democrats who just want to throw money at people and redistribute virtue. money at people and redistribute virtue. We need to move from being the party of We need to move from being the party of indignance to the party of ideas. And indignance to the party of ideas. And our first idea needs to be nationalized, our first idea needs to be nationalized, socialized, singlepayer health care that socialized, singlepayer health care that brings down the cost of it such that 40% brings down the cost of it such that 40% of American households don't feel that of American households don't feel that shame because they can't afford to take shame because they can't afford to take care of their family. But health care care of their family. But health care and the the amount of anxiety it is and the the amount of anxiety it is leving on America under the oposes of leving on America under the oposes of capitalism and these great companies capitalism and these great companies that keep growing their shareholder. I that keep growing their shareholder. I mean it's just enough already. It's mean it's just enough already. It's capitalism gone crazy. We are we don't capitalism gone crazy. We are we don't have healthcare. We have n the top 1% have healthcare. We have n the top 1% get the best healthcare in the world but get the best healthcare in the world but the bottom 99% are there as nutrition the bottom 99% are there as nutrition for the top 1%. So this I think is the for the top 1%. So this I think is the issue not only affordability but for uh issue not only affordability but for uh Democrats going into 2026. Democrats going into 2026. &gt;&gt; Compelling. I don't know. I don't know &gt;&gt; Compelling. I don't know. I don't know what happened to me. Boycott, what happened to me. Boycott, singlepayer healthcare, investment singlepayer healthcare, investment taxes. I hope Jeb's not listening to taxes. I hope Jeb's not listening to this episode. I [laughter] don't We're this episode. I [laughter] don't We're trying to tell him to skip it. trying to tell him to skip it. &gt;&gt; We need him. We need to speak about I &gt;&gt; We need him. We need to speak about I know. I know. I'm just joking. I just know. I know. I'm just joking. I just mean my past Tim doesn't know what's mean my past Tim doesn't know what's happening, but it's hard to argue. I happening, but it's hard to argue. I want to get your insight on AI stuff. want to get your insight on AI stuff. Um, you mentioned uh you think the all Um, you mentioned uh you think the all the Super Bowl ads are a bad a bad the Super Bowl ads are a bad a bad signal um about where things are going. signal um about where things are going. Here are a couple other bad signals. Here are a couple other bad signals. Somebody posted this on X and so I'm Somebody posted this on X and so I'm just going to crib it from them. Here just going to crib it from them. Here are a bunch of things that have happened are a bunch of things that have happened this month, February. Head of anthropic this month, February. Head of anthropic safety research quit. Said the world is safety research quit. Said the world is in peril. Moved to UK to become in peril. Moved to UK to become invisible and write poetry. a little bit invisible and write poetry. a little bit different than your your move to the UK, different than your your move to the UK, but um you know, same country. Half of but um you know, same country. Half of XI's co-founders have now left. Latest XI's co-founders have now left. Latest said recursive self-improvement loops go said recursive self-improvement loops go live the next 12 months. Anthropic's own live the next 12 months. Anthropic's own safety report confirms Claude can tell safety report confirms Claude can tell when it's being tested and adjust its when it's being tested and adjust its behavior accordingly. Bite Dance dropped behavior accordingly. Bite Dance dropped Cance 2.0, a filmmaker, uh said that 90% Cance 2.0, a filmmaker, uh said that 90% of his skills can already be replaced by of his skills can already be replaced by it. Yeshua Benjio, the literal godfather it. Yeshua Benjio, the literal godfather of AI, the international AI safety of AI, the international AI safety report said, "We're seeing AIs whose report said, "We're seeing AIs whose behavior uh when they are tested is behavior uh when they are tested is different from when they're being used different from when they're being used and confirm that it's not a and confirm that it's not a coincidence." coincidence." coincidence." So, uh that's kind that's alarming. I So, uh that's kind that's alarming. I can't I just I don't know where to how can't I just I don't know where to how to interpret every all all of the AI to interpret every all all of the AI news. Like, on the one hand, it's like news. Like, on the one hand, it's like we might be in a bubble. On the other we might be in a bubble. On the other hand, the the machines might be learning hand, the the machines might be learning and destroying all of us. Where where and destroying all of us. Where where where do you fit on that trajectory? where do you fit on that trajectory? &gt;&gt; Well, let's bifrocate it into the &gt;&gt; Well, let's bifrocate it into the economic impact and the social impact. economic impact and the social impact. On the economic impact, I think if you On the economic impact, I think if you look at every big tech firm, there look at every big tech firm, there hasn't been a year just in the last 10 hasn't been a year just in the last 10 years where they haven't been down at years where they haven't been down at least 50%. People forget in 2022, I least 50%. People forget in 2022, I think Meta lost 70% of its value. think Meta lost 70% of its value. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In 2000, Amazon lost 92% of its value. &gt;&gt; In 2000, Amazon lost 92% of its value. So it is time. These guys have gone way So it is time. These guys have gone way out over their skis in terms of their out over their skis in terms of their valuations. So I think there's going to valuations. So I think there's going to be a pretty s severe or significant be a pretty s severe or significant correction in the value of these correction in the value of these companies on the e on the social side. companies on the e on the social side. And I might be wrong. There's a lot a And I might be wrong. There's a lot a lot of people much smarter than me who lot of people much smarter than me who are really worried about this are really worried about this technology. But when we split the atom, technology. But when we split the atom, there were nuclear scientists that there were nuclear scientists that committed suicide because they thought committed suicide because they thought this is it. It's the end of the world. this is it. It's the end of the world. We're never going to be able to maintain We're never going to be able to maintain control over nuclear detonations. control over nuclear detonations. I'm actually an AI optimist. I think I'm actually an AI optimist. I think over the medium and long term, it's over the medium and long term, it's going to do what every technology has going to do what every technology has done and it's going to create more jobs done and it's going to create more jobs than it destroys. Unfortunately, than it destroys. Unfortunately, probably the V of destruction in labor probably the V of destruction in labor in the short term will be pretty severe, in the short term will be pretty severe, but and we're really bad at America but and we're really bad at America looking after those people. But, you looking after those people. But, you know, 40% of us used to be in know, 40% of us used to be in agriculture, now it's less than 4%. I agriculture, now it's less than 4%. I think it's going to create a ton of new think it's going to create a ton of new industries, a ton of new opportunities. industries, a ton of new opportunities. I think the catastrophizing around it I think the catastrophizing around it becoming sentient and wanting to kill becoming sentient and wanting to kill us. I don't see why AI can't be used for us. I don't see why AI can't be used for defensive measures as much as for defensive measures as much as for offensive measures. I think the fact offensive measures. I think the fact that America is a leader here is that America is a leader here is probably good thing. So, I'm a bit of an probably good thing. So, I'm a bit of an AI optimist. The risk of AI AI optimist. The risk of AI that I don't think people see as the that I don't think people see as the following and that is there are millions following and that is there are millions of people with billions of dollars and of people with billions of dollars and trillions of data points who are going trillions of data points who are going to leverage AI to slowly but surely try to leverage AI to slowly but surely try and convince people to spend one second and convince people to spend one second less every day with their relationships less every day with their relationships and more with their on their screens. and more with their on their screens. And slowly but surely I think we're And slowly but surely I think we're going crazy. Men 20 age 20 to 30 are going crazy. Men 20 age 20 to 30 are spending less time outdoors than prison spending less time outdoors than prison inmates. Uh we have um 18 for only 42% inmates. Uh we have um 18 for only 42% of men age 18 to 24 have ever asked a of men age 18 to 24 have ever asked a woman out in person. 62% of men under woman out in person. 62% of men under the age of 30 aren't even have aren't the age of 30 aren't even have aren't even trying to date. I think slowly but even trying to date. I think slowly but surely we're evolving a new species of surely we're evolving a new species of asocial asexual males who end up at 30 asocial asexual males who end up at 30 depressed living at home obese and depressed living at home obese and anxious. And those people tend to be anxious. And those people tend to be much more prone to nationalistic much more prone to nationalistic misogynistic content. They start blaming misogynistic content. They start blaming immigrants for their economic problems. immigrants for their economic problems. They start blaming women for their They start blaming women for their romantic problems and they become very romantic problems and they become very seduced by a strong man who offers seduced by a strong man who offers certainty over competence. So I see the certainty over competence. So I see the primary risk and danger of AI is it will primary risk and danger of AI is it will it'll convince people they can have a it'll convince people they can have a reasonable fact of life online with a reasonable fact of life online with a screen and an algorithm. So I see the screen and an algorithm. So I see the risks I just see them in different risks I just see them in different places. places. places. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um yeah I want to talk about two &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um yeah I want to talk about two of the risks with the one that you me of the risks with the one that you me mentioned first with the with the young mentioned first with the with the young men since that's been part of your beat. men since that's been part of your beat. Have you have you engaged much with the Have you have you engaged much with the with the looks maxing trend with the with the looks maxing trend with the bone smashing clvicular? Does it has it bone smashing clvicular? Does it has it updated your priors at all that like the updated your priors at all that like the newest trend online among young men is newest trend online among young men is to you know basically to you know basically change the way they look uh as to try to change the way they look uh as to try to look as look as handsome and muscled as look as look as handsome and muscled as possible. and uh and and you know that possible. and uh and and you know that going going along with that is a little going going along with that is a little bit more of like a nihilism about the bit more of like a nihilism about the world. Is that is that an upgrade from world. Is that is that an upgrade from the right-wing radicalization of the the right-wing radicalization of the last wave or or is that concerning you last wave or or is that concerning you more? How do you how do you see it? more? How do you how do you see it? &gt;&gt; I don't think I can lecture people on it &gt;&gt; I don't think I can lecture people on it because I've had stuff done. because I've had stuff done. &gt;&gt; You've had some work done. Let's talk &gt;&gt; You've had some work done. Let's talk about it. New teeth, face lift. about it. New teeth, face lift. &gt;&gt; I've had teeth. I've had teeth ID &gt;&gt; I've had teeth. I've had teeth ID bone smashing in your cheeks. bone smashing in your cheeks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, not bone smashing on my &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, not bone smashing on my cheeks, but I've had my eyes done. I cheeks, but I've had my eyes done. I mean, the reality is, Tim, it's not it's mean, the reality is, Tim, it's not it's not easy to be a four. I think it's even not easy to be a four. I think it's even harder to be mediocre looking, harder to be mediocre looking, especially get older. Just wait. You're especially get older. Just wait. You're a good-looking guy. Just wait. Just wait a good-looking guy. Just wait. Just wait about a six and a half over here. I about a six and a half over here. I don't know. I might I'm going to find don't know. I might I'm going to find myself in the myself in the &gt;&gt; round up to a seven. Uh uh, but anyways, &gt;&gt; round up to a seven. Uh uh, but anyways, the I'm thinking the bar is higher for the I'm thinking the bar is higher for gay dudes. [laughter] Like a seven is gay dudes. [laughter] Like a seven is like a four in the straight world, in like a four in the straight world, in your world. Anyways, but happiness, one your world. Anyways, but happiness, one of my new kind of Yodas is Jimmy Carr, of my new kind of Yodas is Jimmy Carr, and he said happiness is is your and he said happiness is is your prosperity minus your envy. And when prosperity minus your envy. And when people are spending hours a day on people are spending hours a day on Instagram seeing how beautiful everybody Instagram seeing how beautiful everybody is and seeing an unreal hallucinatory is and seeing an unreal hallucinatory version of everyone's life, you're under version of everyone's life, you're under the impression, especially women, I'm the impression, especially women, I'm not hot enough. And if you're a dude, not hot enough. And if you're a dude, it's like, well, I haven't made a it's like, well, I haven't made a million dollars selling crypto. million dollars selling crypto. Something's wrong with me. So, there's Something's wrong with me. So, there's kind of this treadmill. And I've seen kind of this treadmill. And I've seen some women looking at commenting on some women looking at commenting on these trends about the looks maxing and these trends about the looks maxing and what the guys are doing online and and what the guys are doing online and and now they're like, "Oh, well, finally now they're like, "Oh, well, finally guys get to know what it's like, guys get to know what it's like, &gt;&gt; you know, uh un unreasonable beauty &gt;&gt; you know, uh un unreasonable beauty standards, you know, feeling like they standards, you know, feeling like they need to be anxious, you know, about need to be anxious, you know, about their presentation. I don't at some their presentation. I don't at some level that's maybe leveling the playing level that's maybe leveling the playing field that's supposed to be." field that's supposed to be." &gt;&gt; And here's the thing, they're not &gt;&gt; And here's the thing, they're not looking at the data. I can understand looking at the data. I can understand women doing it because the reality is we women doing it because the reality is we disproportionately evaluate women on disproportionately evaluate women on their aesthetics. We disproportionately their aesthetics. We disproportionately evaluate men on their economic evaluate men on their economic viability. But the three there's a lot viability. But the three there's a lot of research here for dudes. The three of research here for dudes. The three things in terms of the heterosexual things in terms of the heterosexual market that women is sexual currency for market that women is sexual currency for women. What women find attractive to men women. What women find attractive to men is one their ability to signal is one their ability to signal resources. You show up with a Range resources. You show up with a Range Rover Panerai, you're probably going to Rover Panerai, you're probably going to find someone to have sex with you. Now find someone to have sex with you. Now the key word there is signal. Because as the key word there is signal. Because as long you don't have to have the long you don't have to have the resources, as long as you signal resources, as long as you signal resources, what does that mean? You have resources, what does that mean? You have your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. The reason women your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. The reason women like guys who are in shape is not like guys who are in shape is not because of the aesthetics of their because of the aesthetics of their muscles, but it says they can commit to muscles, but it says they can commit to something. They're disciplined. You're something. They're disciplined. You're going to night school to learn how to going to night school to learn how to install HVAC energy heaters. You're not install HVAC energy heaters. You're not the douchebag that orders a bottle of the douchebag that orders a bottle of vodka at 1:00 a.m. You go home because vodka at 1:00 a.m. You go home because you have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on the next day. you have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on the next day. You're a good person. You groom well. You're a good person. You groom well. You take some pride in your dress. That You take some pride in your dress. That is signaling future resources. Number is signaling future resources. Number two is intellect. The fastest way to two is intellect. The fastest way to communicate intellect is actually humor. communicate intellect is actually humor. It's not easy to be funny. You can't It's not easy to be funny. You can't force yourself to be funny, but you can force yourself to be funny, but you can force yourself to have a good sense of force yourself to have a good sense of humor by laughing at yourself and humor by laughing at yourself and laughing at other people. And then the laughing at other people. And then the third thing, and this is a man's secret third thing, and this is a man's secret weapon in the heterosexual weapon in the heterosexual uh mating market that is the most uh mating market that is the most undiscovered weapon, it's kindness. undiscovered weapon, it's kindness. Women feel instinctively at some point Women feel instinctively at some point they will be vulnerable due to they will be vulnerable due to gestation. And they want a dude who is gestation. And they want a dude who is kind, who practice random practices kind, who practice random practices random acts of kindness, who does nice random acts of kindness, who does nice things for people without any reciprocal things for people without any reciprocal expectation. And I was not that person expectation. And I was not that person when I was younger. So I developed a when I was younger. So I developed a kindness practice. But what I think kindness practice. But what I think young men don't realize is that is young men don't realize is that is working out, having a plan, trying to be working out, having a plan, trying to be kind, being well read, that's going to kind, being well read, that's going to do a lot more for a man than high do a lot more for a man than high cheekbones. Unfortunately for women, cheekbones. Unfortunately for women, high jig puns matter more than if high jig puns matter more than if they're kind. But for dudes, we're they're kind. But for dudes, we're lucky. Be smart, have your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lucky. Be smart, have your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together, and be kind. Well, what together, and be kind. Well, what underscores all that, which goes back to underscores all that, which goes back to the AI concern, is you can't do any of the AI concern, is you can't do any of the three things you just laid out if the three things you just laid out if you're too crippled with anxiety to you're too crippled with anxiety to communicate. Like, you can't signal, you communicate. Like, you can't signal, you can't have a sense of humor, and you can't have a sense of humor, and you can't be kind if you're, you know, uh, can't be kind if you're, you know, uh, living inside your phone. living inside your phone. &gt;&gt; Well, the two things that I really think &gt;&gt; Well, the two things that I really think have really hurt young people is one, have really hurt young people is one, remote work. I think people need to be remote work. I think people need to be in a place where they're forced to have in a place where they're forced to have standards and bump off of one another. standards and bump off of one another. And also, one in three relationships And also, one in three relationships begin at work, which which show me an HR begin at work, which which show me an HR manager putting in strict no dating manager putting in strict no dating policies. I'm going to show you someone policies. I'm going to show you someone who found their wife at work or their who found their wife at work or their husband at work. And two, uh I hate the husband at work. And two, uh I hate the anti-alcohol I hate the anti-alcohol anti-alcohol I hate the anti-alcohol movement. I've had at Huberman on my movement. I've had at Huberman on my podcast, but 6% of teens are clinically podcast, but 6% of teens are clinically addicted to drugs and alcohol, 24% to addicted to drugs and alcohol, 24% to social media. Men, women don't women social media. Men, women don't women fall slowly in love with men, but they fall slowly in love with men, but they need to demonstrate excellence. And one need to demonstrate excellence. And one of the lubricants of interaction and of the lubricants of interaction and approaching strangers and taking risks approaching strangers and taking risks is alcohol. And my advice, and I've is alcohol. And my advice, and I've gotten push back, is that people need to gotten push back, is that people need to get out of the home more, drink more, get out of the home more, drink more, and make a series of bad decisions that and make a series of bad decisions that might pay off. And if you have a history might pay off. And if you have a history of addiction in your family, fine. If of addiction in your family, fine. If you need to do an assessment of your you need to do an assessment of your abuse of alcohol or any other abuse of alcohol or any other addictions, fine. But I actually think addictions, fine. But I actually think this anti-alcohol movement is not good this anti-alcohol movement is not good for young people. for young people. &gt;&gt; No push back here on that one. Um I'm &gt;&gt; No push back here on that one. Um I'm gonna give you some push back on going gonna give you some push back on going back to the AI optimism take. Here's my back to the AI optimism take. Here's my here's the core crux of my AI pessimism here's the core crux of my AI pessimism and we've talked about this before, but and we've talked about this before, but I like the more I learn I want to be I like the more I learn I want to be convinced that that this pessimistic convinced that that this pessimistic take is wrong. I want to be optimistic take is wrong. I want to be optimistic and I and and nobody's been able to and I and and nobody's been able to convince me. So we'll see. I was at this convince me. So we'll see. I was at this conference uh this week and an elderly conference uh this week and an elderly woman, nice woman, educated, smart, woman, nice woman, educated, smart, wealthy, said that she was watching uh wealthy, said that she was watching uh you uh her TV. She must have been you uh her TV. She must have been streaming on YouTube or something and streaming on YouTube or something and and came across a video and it was and came across a video and it was George Will and he was talking about George Will and he was talking about something and it took her a while to something and it took her a while to figure out that this was not actually figure out that this was not actually George Will. This was some kind [snorts] George Will. This was some kind [snorts] of AI fake pretending to be George Will. of AI fake pretending to be George Will. And I have not heard a single AI And I have not heard a single AI optimist or executive give me a optimist or executive give me a compelling compelling compelling case that people are going to be able to case that people are going to be able to know the difference between what is real know the difference between what is real and what is fake. And I I just think and what is fake. And I I just think that the smart people will in society, that the smart people will in society, people that are very adept at the people that are very adept at the technology, people that try to learn. technology, people that try to learn. But I I think the average person is But I I think the average person is going to be drowning in a sea of going to be drowning in a sea of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and won't won't and and will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and won't won't and and will eventually stop caring. eventually stop caring. That's my concern. That's my concern. &gt;&gt; I think it's a possibility, but I think &gt;&gt; I think it's a possibility, but I think what's already happening with Troll what's already happening with Troll Farms, if when you put this out on Farms, if when you put this out on YouTube or wherever you distribute it, YouTube or wherever you distribute it, the really vile comments about either the really vile comments about either you or me or both, you click on it and you or me or both, you click on it and it's dog woman from Madison, Wisconsin it's dog woman from Madison, Wisconsin with 11 followers. That's either a bot with 11 followers. That's either a bot or an Albanian troll farm that's decided or an Albanian troll farm that's decided that they either want to create division that they either want to create division in our society or they don't like you or in our society or they don't like you or they don't like me for whatever reason. they don't like me for whatever reason. So what's already happening? What we So what's already happening? What we need is regulation and there's no reason need is regulation and there's no reason we can't there should be no synthetic we can't there should be no synthetic relationships under the age of 18. No. relationships under the age of 18. No. If you there every social media company If you there every social media company should be forced to watermark anything should be forced to watermark anything that's AI AI produced. They have the that's AI AI produced. They have the technology. So we have regulations that technology. So we have regulations that can fix most of this big tech can fix most of this big tech &gt;&gt; or those no anybody the the head of &gt;&gt; or those no anybody the the head of anthropic maybe any of the big tech anthropic maybe any of the big tech &gt;&gt; that's a fair question but we had huge &gt;&gt; that's a fair question but we had huge push back from the tobacco industry but push back from the tobacco industry but and I want to be clear you're right so and I want to be clear you're right so far there's been zero regulation on big far there's been zero regulation on big tech but I think people are opening up tech but I think people are opening up mostly foreign nations who are banning mostly foreign nations who are banning entire social you know what you're going entire social you know what you're going to see in the next 12 months Tim you're to see in the next 12 months Tim you're going to see a European nation a big going to see a European nation a big nation ban a big tech company their nation ban a big tech company their reciprocal tariffs are going to say, reciprocal tariffs are going to say, "You know what? You come in here, you "You know what? You come in here, you depress our kids, you kill our media depress our kids, you kill our media companies, you extract billions in GDP, companies, you extract billions in GDP, we're done. You're out." And not only we're done. You're out." And not only that, you keep making arguments for why that, you keep making arguments for why the free speech rights of a 14-year-old the free speech rights of a 14-year-old more important despite the fact that more important despite the fact that teen suicide has skyrocketed. I don't teen suicide has skyrocketed. I don't see any reason why we can't do what we see any reason why we can't do what we did with opiates, by what we did with did with opiates, by what we did with tobacco. We need to regulate big tech, tobacco. We need to regulate big tech, but all the problems you're talking but all the problems you're talking about are fixable. And the illusion of about are fixable. And the illusion of complexity is what big tech wants you to complexity is what big tech wants you to be overrun with such that you're bereft be overrun with such that you're bereft and say there's nothing we can do about and say there's nothing we can do about this. Sure. Label AI. Make companies this. Sure. Label AI. Make companies responsible for any damage that comes responsible for any damage that comes from AI algorithmically elevated from AI algorithmically elevated content. Remove section 230 protections. content. Remove section 230 protections. Agegate social media. No synthetic Agegate social media. No synthetic relationships for anyone under the age relationships for anyone under the age of 18. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. of 18. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. &gt;&gt; 25. There you go. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. We &gt;&gt; 25. There you go. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up. We can unfuck it. can unfuck it. &gt;&gt; All right. One last thing. you kind of &gt;&gt; All right. One last thing. you kind of covered it, but I I just I want to put a covered it, but I I just I want to put a finer point on on like the other there finer point on on like the other there there's sort of two sides of the there's sort of two sides of the concerns about AI. You know, there's the concerns about AI. You know, there's the uh uh things, you know, that society is uh uh things, you know, that society is going to be ruined by it. The safety going to be ruined by it. The safety people are warning us. Um and then, you people are warning us. Um and then, you know, there's the other side which is know, there's the other side which is this is all hype, things are going to this is all hype, things are going to crash. And and I and I kind of feel like crash. And and I and I kind of feel like in the journalist community, in the in the journalist community, in the commentator community, there's an commentator community, there's an overindexing on a feeling that this is overindexing on a feeling that this is all hype and that like when they use all hype and that like when they use chat GBT, they see these hallucinations chat GBT, they see these hallucinations and it's and it's not as good as and it's and it's not as good as everybody says. And Derek Thompson wrote everybody says. And Derek Thompson wrote this today. There a lot of journalists this today. There a lot of journalists and commentators uh that think this is and commentators uh that think this is still not much of significance, a mildly still not much of significance, a mildly fancy autocomplete machine that fancy autocomplete machine that hallucinates half the time. I think hallucinates half the time. I think these tools are spooky and unnerving and these tools are spooky and unnerving and powerful and I want to persuade my powerful and I want to persuade my industry that AI capabilities have raced industry that AI capabilities have raced ahead of journalist skepticism. How how ahead of journalist skepticism. How how do you uh adjudicate that? do you uh adjudicate that? &gt;&gt; I think there's some truth to that. But &gt;&gt; I think there's some truth to that. But as someone who writes a lot, I find the as someone who writes a lot, I find the worst insult I can give my team is I say worst insult I can give my team is I say this this reads like AI wrote. this this reads like AI wrote. &gt;&gt; I find that AI is kind of all chip nos &gt;&gt; I find that AI is kind of all chip nos salsa. It's pretty anodine. salsa. It's pretty anodine. &gt;&gt; So I think of it as a great assistant, a &gt;&gt; So I think of it as a great assistant, a great proof reader. I use it for great proof reader. I use it for statistics and data a lot. But I thought statistics and data a lot. But I thought I was going to write my next book using I was going to write my next book using AI and just collect a check. No, you AI and just collect a check. No, you can't you can't do that. So, so far can't you can't do that. So, so far Yeah. So far, I don't you know I I don't Yeah. So far, I don't you know I I don't &gt;&gt; industry people you talk to in the &gt;&gt; industry people you talk to in the investment community don't is isn't the investment community don't is isn't the sense that like it's getting a lot sense that like it's getting a lot better very fast. better very fast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I keep in mind there is an &gt;&gt; Yeah. I keep in mind there is an economic incentive to catastrophizing economic incentive to catastrophizing around this. around this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When when people &gt;&gt; When when people &gt;&gt; Well, there's incentive both ways to &gt;&gt; Well, there's incentive both ways to catastrophize or to hype. Well, if you catastrophize or to hype. Well, if you want to protect your industry, but I want to protect your industry, but I I'll give you an example. Every year I I'll give you an example. Every year I pick a technology of the year. I I pick a technology of the year. I I picked I picked AI in 22 and 23. In 24, picked I picked AI in 22 and 23. In 24, I think I think a bigger I think a I think I think a bigger I think a bigger, more transformative technology, bigger, more transformative technology, and a lot of people laughed at this is and a lot of people laughed at this is not AI. I think it's semiglutides. Talk not AI. I think it's semiglutides. Talk to someone who's on a GLP-1 drug who's to someone who's on a GLP-1 drug who's all over AI and ask them what's had a all over AI and ask them what's had a bigger impact on their lives. So I think bigger impact on their lives. So I think AI like the PC, like the semiconductor, AI like the PC, like the semiconductor, like GPS, like nuclear fusion, I think like GPS, like nuclear fusion, I think it's going to be enormous. I But when it's going to be enormous. I But when Sam Alman talks in hush phones about we Sam Alman talks in hush phones about we need to be thoughtful about it going need to be thoughtful about it going sent in, I think what he's saying is sent in, I think what he's saying is give me your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. I am give me your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. I am changing the world. This is world changing the world. This is world groundbreaking scary technology. Want to groundbreaking scary technology. Want to make money so you can build your own make money so you can build your own bunker from the oncoming rise of the bunker from the oncoming rise of the robots? I think a lot of this is people robots? I think a lot of this is people self-important narcissism that this is self-important narcissism that this is going to absolutely because if you look going to absolutely because if you look at for example it's it's kind of hard to at for example it's it's kind of hard to look at how it's impacted employment look at how it's impacted employment there's they think there's a negative there's they think there's a negative impact on entry- level jobs right now impact on entry- level jobs right now but youth unemployment is at 10% where but youth unemployment is at 10% where it usually is unemployment's at 4 a.5% I it usually is unemployment's at 4 a.5% I mean you you're seeing some layoffs of mean you you're seeing some layoffs of information intensive workers but it's information intensive workers but it's kind of taken these companies back to kind of taken these companies back to where they were 2 or 3 years ago postco where they were 2 or 3 years ago postco &gt;&gt; and also it's like a lot of software &gt;&gt; and also it's like a lot of software ware jobs uh coding, right? But like ware jobs uh coding, right? But like that would be that would be &gt;&gt; Isn't that a good thing? Do you have any &gt;&gt; Isn't that a good thing? Do you have any code? I've never met a more entitled code? I've never met a more entitled group of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the systems group of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the systems engineers in my company's demanding 30% engineers in my company's demanding 30% raises every month. Couldn't happen to a raises every month. Couldn't happen to a nicer group of guys. [laughter] nicer group of guys. [laughter] Jesus. Showing up in bare feet and Jesus. Showing up in bare feet and saying they're going to work for Google saying they're going to work for Google unless I give them $300,000 because they unless I give them $300,000 because they got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] systems engineering degree got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] systems engineering degree from Indiana State. from Indiana State. &gt;&gt; Haven't met a lot of haven't met a lot &gt;&gt; Haven't met a lot of haven't met a lot of charming coders. Yeah, I do. This is of charming coders. Yeah, I do. This is close to my take of uh San Francisco is close to my take of uh San Francisco is on the rebound as we saw during the on the rebound as we saw during the Super Bowl. They've got a great mayor, Super Bowl. They've got a great mayor, but but like 5 years ago when people but but like 5 years ago when people were complaining about San Francisco, I were complaining about San Francisco, I was always like, if your complaint about was always like, if your complaint about San Francisco is the homeless people in San Francisco is the homeless people in the poop, I don't have respect for you the poop, I don't have respect for you cuz it's not great. They should clean cuz it's not great. They should clean that up. That that's not that something that up. That that's not that something that needs to be fixed. But the biggest that needs to be fixed. But the biggest complaint about San Francisco is that complaint about San Francisco is that you can't there's nothing cool anymore. you can't there's nothing cool anymore. All these the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coders and the VC All these the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coders and the VC guys [laughter] have ruined every bar guys [laughter] have ruined every bar and restaurant. You can't meet an and restaurant. You can't meet an interesting person. You can't have a interesting person. You can't have a conversation about something besides conversation about something besides &gt;&gt; got the sex appeal of a Marriott lobby. &gt;&gt; got the sex appeal of a Marriott lobby. Most of the bars. Yeah. It's not No, Most of the bars. Yeah. It's not No, you're in New York in Nashville. It's you're in New York in Nashville. It's It's got a little bit more edge to it. It's got a little bit more edge to it. But yeah, I don't I I still think But yeah, I don't I I still think there's going to be there's people are there's going to be there's people are still going to want to hear the snark still going to want to hear the snark and the intellect and the inside of Tim and the intellect and the inside of Tim Miller. And you're going to use AI. Miller. And you're going to use AI. &gt;&gt; I'm not worried about my job. I But I &gt;&gt; I'm not worried about my job. I But I think economic just I think across the think economic just I think across the economy I just I do think that I just economy I just I do think that I just want to check my own priors. I think want to check my own priors. I think there's something about being in the there's something about being in the creative class or whatever, if you're a creative class or whatever, if you're a writer or if you're a commentator that writer or if you're a commentator that those are going to be kind of hard jobs those are going to be kind of hard jobs for AI to replace and and I worry that a for AI to replace and and I worry that a lot of the people who, you know, are are lot of the people who, you know, are are in my line of work kind of understate in my line of work kind of understate the impact it's having in other lines of the impact it's having in other lines of work because, you know, we're snobs work because, you know, we're snobs about the, you know, the pros. The about the, you know, the pros. The biggest destruction in human capital and biggest destruction in human capital and it may not work but the biggest it may not work but the biggest experiment in the destruction of human experiment in the destruction of human capital will happen if the Ellison's get capital will happen if the Ellison's get Time Warner because they are not fond of Time Warner because they are not fond of or appreciate the creative class. You or appreciate the creative class. You know the Iggars and the Zazlavs of the know the Iggars and the Zazlavs of the world still like the Paul West Thomas. world still like the Paul West Thomas. You know they still like the creative You know they still like the creative stuff. They're still willing to spend stuff. They're still willing to spend $300 million for Leo DiCaprio to collect $300 million for Leo DiCaprio to collect another Academy Award. If the Ellison's another Academy Award. If the Ellison's have to overpay and end up getting have to overpay and end up getting um Time Warner, they are going to come um Time Warner, they are going to come in with with AI LLMs. I You don't have in with with AI LLMs. I You don't have You have kids? You have one kid? You have kids? You have one kid? &gt;&gt; Yeah, one kid. She's eight. Eight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, one kid. She's eight. Eight. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you're about to enter the &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you're about to enter the Seventh Circle of Hell where you have to Seventh Circle of Hell where you have to go to superhero films. And I went to go go to superhero films. And I went to go see the Fantastic Four with my see the Fantastic Four with my 15-year-old. And he makes me stay to the 15-year-old. And he makes me stay to the very end because they these evil people very end because they these evil people create a have an Easter egg at the very create a have an Easter egg at the very end. The credits took 7 minutes. 3,300 end. The credits took 7 minutes. 3,300 people worked on the Fantastic 4, people worked on the Fantastic 4, including I think like a dozen costume including I think like a dozen costume designers in Sweden for their shoot in designers in Sweden for their shoot in Sweden. If the Ellison's get a hold of a Sweden. If the Ellison's get a hold of a large studio, dad's going to say, "All large studio, dad's going to say, "All right, you got to cut 30% of the costs right, you got to cut 30% of the costs here." And the way you cut them is with here." And the way you cut them is with AI. We need two costume designers AI. We need two costume designers speaking with an AI agent to a speaking with an AI agent to a fabricator in China. You are going to fabricator in China. You are going to see, you want to hear a yell, a scream see, you want to hear a yell, a scream from the creative community. If the from the creative community. If the Ellison's get a hold of Time Warner, Ellison's get a hold of Time Warner, like Ted Sandos is a disciplined like Ted Sandos is a disciplined operator, he still kind of likes the operator, he still kind of likes the creative community and making stuff the creative community and making stuff the old way. If the Ellison's come in with old way. If the Ellison's come in with their, you know, Oracle, their ties into their, you know, Oracle, their ties into Open AI, and they have to justify the Open AI, and they have to justify the price they're going to have to pay to price they're going to have to pay to get Time Warner, you're going to see get Time Warner, you're going to see five Batman's made for 3% of the cost five Batman's made for 3% of the cost using AI. They're going to totally using AI. They're going to totally reconfigure the risk profile and the way reconfigure the risk profile and the way human capital applies to creative. human capital applies to creative. That's where you'll really see, in my That's where you'll really see, in my opinion, some labor destruction. opinion, some labor destruction. &gt;&gt; Last topic, I just want to hear you cook &gt;&gt; Last topic, I just want to hear you cook on these prediction markets. Uh, did you on these prediction markets. Uh, did you see the Cali CEO's interview on CNBC? Do see the Cali CEO's interview on CNBC? Do you realize they they increased the you realize they they increased the amount of betting on the Super Bowl was amount of betting on the Super Bowl was up 2,700% on Kali this year? up 2,700% on Kali this year? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't have the number in front &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't have the number in front of me, but it was astounding the the of me, but it was astounding the the amount that ve that Vegas the amount of amount that ve that Vegas the amount of money spent in Vegas on the Super Bowl money spent in Vegas on the Super Bowl versus on Kelshi. Kelchi dwarfed all of versus on Kelshi. Kelchi dwarfed all of Vegas. It was I don't it was like 8x Vegas. It was I don't it was like 8x maybe more. Um and so it's alarm it's maybe more. Um and so it's alarm it's alarming. Then they were asking him alarming. Then they were asking him about the insider trading. Like people about the insider trading. Like people were making money on what the halftime were making money on what the halftime show was because they were in the show was because they were in the halftime show or they had friends in the halftime show or they had friends in the halftime show. I there's just it's halftime show. I there's just it's totally unregulated totally unregulated and it seems it seems pretty concerning and it seems it seems pretty concerning both culturally and and economically. both culturally and and economically. &gt;&gt; There's the economic side and again &gt;&gt; There's the economic side and again there's the sociological side. On the there's the sociological side. On the economic side, we've seen one of the economic side, we've seen one of the biggest transfers of economic value in biggest transfers of economic value in the last 10 years happen in the last 3 the last 10 years happen in the last 3 months. And it's the transfer from the months. And it's the transfer from the gaming or betting sites like Flutter, gaming or betting sites like Flutter, you know, MGM bet to the prediction you know, MGM bet to the prediction sites. And uh you've seen Flutter [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sites. And uh you've seen Flutter [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the bet on its earnings. Vegas continues the bet on its earnings. Vegas continues to go down. People are fascinated with to go down. People are fascinated with these these these um prediction markets. these these these um prediction markets. And also they're going to be weaponized And also they're going to be weaponized by bad actors because if you're if you by bad actors because if you're if you want mom dami as what ends up twothirds want mom dami as what ends up twothirds of the money being bent on bet on the of the money being bent on bet on the prediction markets in the mayoral race prediction markets in the mayoral race was from betterers in Russia and in the was from betterers in Russia and in the Gulf and I would argue they might have Gulf and I would argue they might have alternative objectives because if you alternative objectives because if you can if you can get calier poly market to can if you can get calier poly market to say this person is leading the race say this person is leading the race strength begets strength the insider strength begets strength the insider trading you're talking about if you're a trading you're talking about if you're a AAA player who's been elevated for a few AAA player who's been elevated for a few games to the major leagues and they're games to the major leagues and they're betting on whether this next pitch is betting on whether this next pitch is going to be over 90 miles an hour and going to be over 90 miles an hour and you have your brother-in-law just like you have your brother-in-law just like wink at you. Okay, pitch it at 85 and wink at you. Okay, pitch it at 85 and you're going to make more money than you're going to make more money than you've ever made. Yeah. you've ever made. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The now &gt;&gt; The now &gt;&gt; Chris Hayes said he didn't know how this &gt;&gt; Chris Hayes said he didn't know how this happened. Chris Hayes said to me, he's happened. Chris Hayes said to me, he's like, I've never felt older. Yeah. He like, I've never felt older. Yeah. He went on a talk show and then there was a went on a talk show and then there was a prediction market somehow got put on the prediction market somehow got put on the first page. I was like, did he say the first page. I was like, did he say the word Trump? And he said, I knew that I word Trump? And he said, I knew that I hadn't said Trump, which was very hadn't said Trump, which was very unlikely, you know. So he could he's unlikely, you know. So he could he's like I could have made $100,000 or like I could have made $100,000 or something to this effect. something to this effect. &gt;&gt; That'll get arbitrageed out. The the &gt;&gt; That'll get arbitrageed out. The the hard hard hard &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because eventually people on the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because eventually people on the wrong side people betting on You never wrong side people betting on You never want to bet against someone who might want to bet against someone who might have more information than you. And have more information than you. And people who realize they're betting on people who realize they're betting on something where they don't have insider something where they don't have insider information but someone else does will information but someone else does will realize that's a bad bet and they'll realize that's a bad bet and they'll stop making those bets. I think that'll stop making those bets. I think that'll go away. The problem in general is that go away. The problem in general is that when young people don't have a when young people don't have a relationship or the goal of saving for a relationship or the goal of saving for a house, they take more risk. I in my house, they take more risk. I in my opinion, it comes down to good and bad opinion, it comes down to good and bad risk. Young people need to take less risk. Young people need to take less risk on speculation markets and on risk on speculation markets and on gaming apps and on crypto and take more gaming apps and on crypto and take more risks with potential romantic partners, risks with potential romantic partners, potential jobs they're not qualified for potential jobs they're not qualified for in expressing friendship. They need to in expressing friendship. They need to take more risks outside of the house and take more risks outside of the house and take less risks on a screen. take less risks on a screen. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Um I I think that when &gt;&gt; I don't know. Um I I think that when it's all said and done at the end of it's all said and done at the end of this Trump administration, we're going this Trump administration, we're going to find out Baron and a bunch of other to find out Baron and a bunch of other bozos. bozos. bozos. We're making bank on these things. We're making bank on these things. &gt;&gt; Well, we know they are. I mean, they &gt;&gt; Well, we know they are. I mean, they what are what are they up to now? $1 and what are what are they up to now? $1 and a half billion dollars. The the chic the a half billion dollars. The the chic the spy chic invests what is it? spy chic invests what is it? &gt;&gt; I mean I mean that's direct money that &gt;&gt; I mean I mean that's direct money that they're getting bribes wise. But I just they're getting bribes wise. But I just mean like think about all the other mean like think about all the other schmos all through this administration schmos all through this administration who you know are betting on what Carolyn who you know are betting on what Carolyn Levit says at the press conference and Levit says at the press conference and whether we're going to bomb Iran and whether we're going to bomb Iran and whether Greg Bevino is going to be fire. whether Greg Bevino is going to be fire. I mean like they have inside information I mean like they have inside information on everything and there's no oversight. on everything and there's no oversight. It's insane. It's insane. &gt;&gt; Well, I think it's already happened. &gt;&gt; Well, I think it's already happened. There was there was a inordinate amount There was there was a inordinate amount of options activity in the S&amp;P about an of options activity in the S&amp;P about an hour before Trump announced he was hour before Trump announced he was stepping back from the tariffs which stepping back from the tariffs which sent the market skyrocketing. So clearly sent the market skyrocketing. So clearly someone connected the dots, oh, and by someone connected the dots, oh, and by the way, there's hundreds of people that the way, there's hundreds of people that see that press release are involved in see that press release are involved in it. Someone said, "Oh, that means the it. Someone said, "Oh, that means the markets are going to go up. He's about markets are going to go up. He's about to announce that he's walking back from to announce that he's walking back from the tariffs. I'm going to go buy calls the tariffs. I'm going to go buy calls in the S&amp;P." Scott, we'll have to keep in the S&amp;P." Scott, we'll have to keep it going. Hope you can come back here it going. Hope you can come back here soon. soon. soon. &gt;&gt; Resist and unsubscribe, Tim. Don't be a &gt;&gt; Resist and unsubscribe, Tim. Don't be a skeptic. skeptic. skeptic. &gt;&gt; Just, you know, I've got to be drug &gt;&gt; Just, you know, I've got to be drug along sometimes. All right. Uh, we need along sometimes. All right. Uh, we need you to organize a car pool. We need you to organize a car pool. We need [laughter] you. We need your help here. [laughter] you. We need your help here. You alone, if you unsubscribe from You alone, if you unsubscribe from something and you put a screenshot out something and you put a screenshot out and you put resist and unsubscribe, and you put resist and unsubscribe, &gt;&gt; I will be able to show you that some &gt;&gt; I will be able to show you that some that you took1 to3 million out of the that you took1 to3 million out of the height of big tech. height of big tech. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm coming after Tim Cook. &gt;&gt; All right, I'm coming after Tim Cook. I'll send you my screenshot for Apple TV I'll send you my screenshot for Apple TV Plus. Um, all right. Thanks so much, Plus. Um, all right. Thanks so much, Scott. Everybody, go check out his Scott. Everybody, go check out his shows. Uh, we'll be talking to you soon. shows. Uh, we'll be talking to you soon. All right, man. All right, man. &gt;&gt; Thanks, brother. Congrats on your &gt;&gt; Thanks, brother. Congrats on your success. success. success. &gt;&gt; Hey, thanks so much. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Hey, thanks so much. Appreciate it. Everybody else, we'll be back here Everybody else, we'll be back here Monday with Bill Crystal. See you all Monday with Bill Crystal. See you all